UNIT FILE                                                                           STATE           PRESET
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount                                                   static          -
-.mount                                                                             generated       -
boot-efi.mount                                                                      generated       -
boot.mount                                                                          generated       -
dev-hugepages.mount                                                                 static          -
dev-mqueue.mount                                                                    static          -
home.mount                                                                          generated       -
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                                                                  static          -
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount                                                       disabled        disabled
run-vmblock\x2dfuse.mount                                                           disabled        disabled
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount                                                       static          -
sys-kernel-config.mount                                                             static          -
sys-kernel-debug.mount                                                              static          -
sys-kernel-tracing.mount                                                            static          -
tmp.mount                                                                           static          -
var-lib-machines.mount                                                              static          -
var-lib-nfs-rpc_pipefs.mount                                                        static          -
cups.path                                                                           enabled         enabled
lvm-devices-import.path                                                             disabled        disabled
systemd-ask-password-console.path                                                   static          -
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path                                                  static          -
systemd-ask-password-wall.path                                                      static          -
session-2.scope                                                                     transient       -
abrt-journal-core.service                                                           enabled         enabled
abrt-oops.service                                                                   enabled         enabled
abrt-pstoreoops.service                                                             disabled        disabled
abrt-vmcore.service                                                                 enabled         enabled
abrt-xorg.service                                                                   enabled         enabled
abrtd.service                                                                       enabled         enabled
accounts-daemon.service                                                             enabled         enabled
alsa-restore.service                                                                static          -
alsa-state.service                                                                  static          -
anaconda-direct.service                                                             static          -
anaconda-fips.service                                                               static          -
anaconda-import-initramfs-certs.service                                             static          -
anaconda-nm-config.service                                                          static          -
anaconda-nm-disable-autocons-rhel.service                                           static          -
anaconda-nm-disable-autocons.service                                                static          -
anaconda-noshell.service                                                            static          -
anaconda-pre.service                                                                static          -
anaconda-s390-device-config-import.service                                          static          -
anaconda-shell@.service                                                             static          -
anaconda-sshd.service                                                               static          -
anaconda-tmux@.service                                                              static          -
anaconda.service                                                                    static          -
arp-ethers.service                                                                  disabled        disabled
atd.service                                                                         enabled         enabled
audit-rules.service                                                                 enabled         enabled
auditd.service                                                                      enabled         enabled
auth-rpcgss-module.service                                                          static          -
autovt@.service                                                                     alias           -
avahi-daemon.service                                                                enabled         enabled
blivet.service                                                                      static          -
blk-availability.service                                                            disabled        disabled
blueman-mechanism.service                                                           disabled        disabled
bluetooth.service                                                                   enabled         enabled
bolt.service                                                                        static          -
brltty.service                                                                      disabled        disabled
canberra-system-bootup.service                                                      disabled        disabled
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service                                             disabled        disabled
canberra-system-shutdown.service                                                    disabled        disabled
capsule@.service                                                                    static          -
chrony-wait.service                                                                 disabled        disabled
chronyd-restricted.service                                                          disabled        disabled
chronyd.service                                                                     enabled         enabled
cockpit-issue.service                                                               static          -
cockpit-session-socket-user.service                                                 static          -
cockpit-session@.service                                                            static          -
cockpit-wsinstance-http.service                                                     static          -
cockpit-wsinstance-https-factory@.service                                           static          -
cockpit-wsinstance-https@.service                                                   static          -
cockpit-wsinstance-socket-user.service                                              static          -
cockpit.service                                                                     static          -
colord.service                                                                      static          -
configure-printer@.service                                                          static          -
console-getty.service                                                               disabled        disabled
container-getty@.service                                                            static          -
crond.service                                                                       enabled         enabled
cups-browsed.service                                                                disabled        disabled
cups.service                                                                        disabled        disabled
dbus-broker.service                                                                 enabled         enabled
dbus-daemon.service                                                                 disabled        disabled
dbus-org.bluez.service                                                              alias           -
dbus-org.fedoraproject.FirewallD1.service                                           alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service                                                  alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.home1.service                                                  alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service                                              alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service                                                alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service                                                alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service                                                 alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service                                               alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service                                          alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service                                          alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.oom1.service                                                   alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.portable1.service                                              alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service                                               alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service                                               alias           -
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service                                              alias           -
dbus.service                                                                        alias           -
debug-shell.service                                                                 disabled        disabled
display-manager.service                                                             alias           -
dm-event.service                                                                    static          -
dnf-makecache.service                                                               static          -
dnf-system-upgrade-cleanup.service                                                  static          -
dnf-system-upgrade.service                                                          disabled        disabled
dnf5-makecache.service                                                              alias           -
dnf5-offline-transaction-cleanup.service                                            static          -
dnf5-offline-transaction.service                                                    disabled        disabled
dnsmasq.service                                                                     disabled        disabled
dracut-cmdline.service                                                              static          -
dracut-initqueue.service                                                            static          -
dracut-mount.service                                                                static          -
dracut-pre-mount.service                                                            static          -
dracut-pre-pivot.service                                                            static          -
dracut-pre-trigger.service                                                          static          -
dracut-pre-udev.service                                                             static          -
dracut-shutdown-onfailure.service                                                   static          -
dracut-shutdown.service                                                             static          -
emergency.service                                                                   static          -
fedora-third-party-refresh.service                                                  disabled        disabled
fips-crypto-policy-overlay.service                                                  enabled         enabled
firewalld.service                                                                   enabled         enabled
flatpak-add-fedora-repos.service                                                    enabled         enabled
flatpak-system-helper.service                                                       static          -
fprintd.service                                                                     static          -
fsidd.service                                                                       disabled        disabled
fstrim.service                                                                      static          -
fwupd-refresh.service                                                               static          -
fwupd.service                                                                       static          -
gdm.service                                                                         enabled         enabled
geoclue.service                                                                     static          -
getty@.service                                                                      enabled         enabled
gnome-headless-session@.service                                                     static          -
gnome-remote-desktop-configuration.service                                          disabled        disabled
gnome-remote-desktop.service                                                        disabled        disabled
grub-boot-indeterminate.service                                                     static          -
grub2-systemd-integration.service                                                   static          -
gssproxy.service                                                                    disabled        disabled
htcacheclean.service                                                                disabled        disabled
httpd.service                                                                       disabled        disabled
httpd@.service                                                                      disabled        disabled
hypervfcopyd.service                                                                disabled        disabled
hypervkvpd.service                                                                  static          -
hypervvssd.service                                                                  static          -
iio-sensor-proxy.service                                                            static          -
import-state.service                                                                enabled         enabled
initrd-cleanup.service                                                              static          -
initrd-parse-etc.service                                                            static          -
initrd-switch-root.service                                                          static          -
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service                                                   static          -
instperf.service                                                                    static          -
ipp-usb.service                                                                     static          -
irqbalance.service                                                                  enabled         enabled
iscsi-init.service                                                                  disabled        disabled
iscsi-onboot.service                                                                enabled         enabled
iscsi-shutdown.service                                                              static          -
iscsi-starter.service                                                               enabled         enabled
iscsi.service                                                                       indirect        disabled
iscsid.service                                                                      disabled        disabled
iscsiuio.service                                                                    disabled        disabled
kdump.service                                                                       disabled        disabled
kmod-static-nodes.service                                                           static          -
kvm_stat.service                                                                    disabled        disabled
ldconfig.service                                                                    static          -
libvirt-guests.service                                                              disabled        disabled
libvirtd.service                                                                    disabled        disabled
livesys-late.service                                                                enabled         enabled
livesys.service                                                                     enabled         enabled
loadmodules.service                                                                 disabled        disabled
logrotate.service                                                                   static          -
low-memory-monitor.service                                                          enabled         enabled
lvm-devices-import.service                                                          disabled        disabled
lvm2-lvmdbusd.service                                                               disabled        disabled
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                                                               static          -
lvm2-monitor.service                                                                enabled         enabled
man-db-cache-update.service                                                         static          -
man-db-restart-cache-update.service                                                 disabled        disabled
mcelog.service                                                                      enabled         enabled
mdadm-grow-continue@.service                                                        static          -
mdadm-last-resort@.service                                                          static          -
mdcheck_continue.service                                                            static          -
mdcheck_start.service                                                               static          -
mdmon@.service                                                                      static          -
mdmonitor-oneshot.service                                                           static          -
mdmonitor.service                                                                   enabled         enabled
ModemManager.service                                                                enabled         enabled
modprobe@.service                                                                   static          -
ndctl-monitor.service                                                               disabled        disabled
netavark-dhcp-proxy.service                                                         disabled        disabled
netavark-firewalld-reload.service                                                   disabled        disabled
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service                                                   enabled         enabled
NetworkManager-wait-online.service                                                  enabled         enabled
NetworkManager.service                                                              enabled         enabled
nextcloud-cron.service                                                              static          -
nfs-blkmap.service                                                                  disabled        disabled
nfs-idmapd.service                                                                  static          -
nfs-mountd.service                                                                  static          -
nfs-server.service                                                                  disabled        disabled
nfs-utils.service                                                                   static          -
nfsdcld.service                                                                     static          -
nftables.service                                                                    disabled        disabled
nis-domainname.service                                                              disabled        disabled
nm-priv-helper.service                                                              static          -
numad.service                                                                       disabled        disabled
nvmefc-boot-connections.service                                                     disabled        disabled
nvmf-autoconnect.service                                                            disabled        disabled
nvmf-connect-nbft.service                                                           static          -
nvmf-connect@.service                                                               static          -
openvpn-client@.service                                                             disabled        disabled
openvpn-server@.service                                                             disabled        disabled
packagekit-offline-update.service                                                   static          -
packagekit.service                                                                  static          -
pam_namespace.service                                                               static          -
passim.service                                                                      static          -
pcscd.service                                                                       indirect        disabled
php-fpm.service                                                                     disabled        disabled
plocate-updatedb.service                                                            static          -
plymouth-halt.service                                                               static          -
plymouth-kexec.service                                                              static          -
plymouth-poweroff.service                                                           static          -
plymouth-quit-wait.service                                                          static          -
plymouth-quit.service                                                               static          -
plymouth-read-write.service                                                         static          -
plymouth-reboot.service                                                             static          -
plymouth-start.service                                                              static          -
plymouth-switch-root-initramfs.service                                              static          -
plymouth-switch-root.service                                                        static          -
podman-auto-update.service                                                          disabled        disabled
podman-clean-transient.service                                                      disabled        disabled
podman-kube@.service                                                                disabled        disabled
podman-restart.service                                                              disabled        disabled
podman.service                                                                      disabled        disabled
polkit.service                                                                      static          -
psacct.service                                                                      disabled        disabled
qat.service                                                                         disabled        disabled
qemu-guest-agent.service                                                            enabled         enabled
qemu-pr-helper.service                                                              static          -
qemu-vmsr-helper.service                                                            static          -
quotaon-root.service                                                                static          -
quotaon@.service                                                                    static          -
raid-check.service                                                                  static          -
rc-local.service                                                                    static          -
realmd.service                                                                      static          -
rescue.service                                                                      static          -
rpc-gssd.service                                                                    static          -
rpc-statd-notify.service                                                            static          -
rpc-statd.service                                                                   static          -
rpcbind.service                                                                     disabled        disabled
rpmdb-rebuild.service                                                               disabled        enabled
rsyslog.service                                                                     enabled         enabled
rtkit-daemon.service                                                                enabled         enabled
selinux-autorelabel-mark.service                                                    enabled         enabled
selinux-autorelabel.service                                                         static          -
selinux-check-proper-disable.service                                                disabled        disabled
serial-getty@.service                                                               disabled        disabled
smartd.service                                                                      enabled         enabled
speech-dispatcherd.service                                                          disabled        disabled
spice-vdagentd.service                                                              indirect        enabled
spice-webdavd.service                                                               static          -
ssh-host-keys-migration.service                                                     disabled        disabled
sshd-keygen@.service                                                                disabled        disabled
sshd-unix-local@.service                                                            alias           -
sshd.service                                                                        disabled        disabled
sshd@.service                                                                       indirect        disabled
sssd-autofs.service                                                                 indirect        disabled
sssd-kcm.service                                                                    indirect        disabled
sssd-nss.service                                                                    indirect        disabled
sssd-pac.service                                                                    indirect        disabled
sssd-pam.service                                                                    indirect        disabled
sssd-ssh.service                                                                    indirect        disabled
sssd-sudo.service                                                                   indirect        disabled
sssd.service                                                                        enabled         enabled
svnserve.service                                                                    disabled        disabled
switcheroo-control.service                                                          enabled         enabled
system-update-cleanup.service                                                       static          -
systemd-ask-password-console.service                                                static          -
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service                                               static          -
systemd-ask-password-wall.service                                                   static          -
systemd-backlight@.service                                                          static          -
systemd-battery-check.service                                                       static          -
systemd-binfmt.service                                                              static          -
systemd-bless-boot.service                                                          static          -
systemd-boot-check-no-failures.service                                              disabled        disabled
systemd-boot-random-seed.service                                                    static          -
systemd-boot-update.service                                                         disabled        disabled
systemd-bootctl@.service                                                            static          -
systemd-bsod.service                                                                static          -
systemd-confext.service                                                             enabled         enabled
systemd-coredump@.service                                                           static          -
systemd-creds@.service                                                              static          -
systemd-cryptsetup@luks\x2dff90fa77\x2d9313\x2d4c52\x2d8149\x2da7d00aaafc7e.service generated       -
systemd-exit.service                                                                static          -
systemd-firstboot.service                                                           static          -
systemd-fsck-root.service                                                           static          -
systemd-fsck@.service                                                               static          -
systemd-growfs-root.service                                                         static          -
systemd-growfs@.service                                                             static          -
systemd-halt.service                                                                static          -
systemd-hibernate-clear.service                                                     static          -
systemd-hibernate-resume.service                                                    static          -
systemd-hibernate.service                                                           static          -
systemd-homed-activate.service                                                      enabled         enabled
systemd-homed-firstboot.service                                                     disabled        disabled
systemd-homed.service                                                               enabled         enabled
systemd-hostnamed.service                                                           static          -
systemd-hwdb-update.service                                                         static          -
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                                                        static          -
systemd-importd.service                                                             static          -
systemd-initctl.service                                                             static          -
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service                                              static          -
systemd-journal-flush.service                                                       static          -
systemd-journald-sync@.service                                                      static          -
systemd-journald.service                                                            static          -
systemd-journald@.service                                                           static          -
systemd-kexec.service                                                               static          -
systemd-localed.service                                                             static          -
systemd-logind.service                                                              static          -
systemd-machine-id-commit.service                                                   static          -
systemd-machined.service                                                            static          -
systemd-modules-load.service                                                        static          -
systemd-mountfsd.service                                                            indirect        disabled
systemd-network-generator.service                                                   disabled        enabled
systemd-networkd-persistent-storage.service                                         static          -
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service                                                disabled        disabled
systemd-networkd-wait-online@.service                                               disabled        disabled
systemd-networkd.service                                                            disabled        disabled
systemd-nspawn@.service                                                             disabled        disabled
systemd-nsresourced.service                                                         indirect        disabled
systemd-oomd.service                                                                enabled         enabled
systemd-pcrextend@.service                                                          static          -
systemd-pcrfs-root.service                                                          static          -
systemd-pcrfs@.service                                                              static          -
systemd-pcrlock-file-system.service                                                 disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-firmware-code.service                                               disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-firmware-config.service                                             disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-machine-id.service                                                  disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-make-policy.service                                                 disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-secureboot-authority.service                                        disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock-secureboot-policy.service                                           disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock@.service                                                            static          -
systemd-pcrmachine.service                                                          static          -
systemd-pcrphase-initrd.service                                                     static          -
systemd-pcrphase-sysinit.service                                                    static          -
systemd-pcrphase.service                                                            static          -
systemd-portabled.service                                                           static          -
systemd-poweroff.service                                                            static          -
systemd-pstore.service                                                              enabled         enabled
systemd-quotacheck-root.service                                                     static          -
systemd-quotacheck@.service                                                         static          -
systemd-random-seed.service                                                         static          -
systemd-reboot.service                                                              static          -
systemd-remount-fs.service                                                          enabled-runtime disabled
systemd-repart.service                                                              static          -
systemd-resolved.service                                                            enabled         enabled
systemd-rfkill.service                                                              static          -
systemd-soft-reboot.service                                                         static          -
systemd-storagetm.service                                                           static          -
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service                                              static          -
systemd-suspend.service                                                             static          -
systemd-sysctl.service                                                              static          -
systemd-sysext.service                                                              enabled         enabled
systemd-sysext@.service                                                             static          -
systemd-sysupdate-reboot.service                                                    indirect        disabled
systemd-sysupdate.service                                                           indirect        disabled
systemd-sysusers.service                                                            static          -
systemd-time-wait-sync.service                                                      disabled        disabled
systemd-timedated.service                                                           static          -
systemd-timesyncd.service                                                           disabled        disabled
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service                                                      static          -
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev-early.service                                            static          -
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service                                                  static          -
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service                                                      static          -
systemd-tpm2-setup-early.service                                                    static          -
systemd-tpm2-setup.service                                                          static          -
systemd-udev-load-credentials.service                                               disabled        disabled
systemd-udev-settle.service                                                         static          -
systemd-udev-trigger.service                                                        static          -
systemd-udevd.service                                                               static          -
systemd-update-done.service                                                         static          -
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service                                                static          -
systemd-update-utmp.service                                                         static          -
systemd-user-sessions.service                                                       static          -
systemd-userdbd.service                                                             indirect        disabled
systemd-vconsole-setup.service                                                      static          -
systemd-vmspawn@.service                                                            disabled        disabled
systemd-volatile-root.service                                                       static          -
systemd-zram-setup@.service                                                         static          -
teamd@.service                                                                      static          -
thermald.service                                                                    enabled         enabled
tmux@.service                                                                       disabled        disabled
tuned-ppd.service                                                                   enabled         enabled
tuned.service                                                                       enabled         enabled
udisks2.service                                                                     enabled         enabled
unbound-anchor.service                                                              static          -
upower.service                                                                      enabled         enabled
uresourced.service                                                                  enabled         enabled
usb_modeswitch@.service                                                             static          -
usbmuxd.service                                                                     static          -
user-runtime-dir@.service                                                           static          -
user@.service                                                                       static          -
vboxclient.service                                                                  static          -
vboxservice.service                                                                 enabled         enabled
vgauthd.service                                                                     enabled         enabled
virtinterfaced.service                                                              disabled        disabled
virtlockd.service                                                                   disabled        disabled
virtlogd.service                                                                    disabled        disabled
virtnetworkd.service                                                                disabled        disabled
virtnodedevd.service                                                                disabled        disabled
virtnwfilterd.service                                                               disabled        disabled
virtproxyd.service                                                                  disabled        disabled
virtqemud.service                                                                   enabled         enabled
virtsecretd.service                                                                 disabled        disabled
virtstoraged.service                                                                disabled        disabled
vmtoolsd.service                                                                    enabled         enabled
vpnc@.service                                                                       disabled        disabled
webui-cockpit-ws.service                                                            disabled        disabled
wpa_supplicant.service                                                              disabled        disabled
wsdd.service                                                                        disabled        disabled
zfs-fuse-scrub.service                                                              static          -
zfs-fuse.service                                                                    disabled        disabled
zvbid.service                                                                       disabled        disabled
capsule.slice                                                                       static          -
machine.slice                                                                       static          -
system-cockpithttps.slice                                                           static          -
system-cups.slice                                                                   static          -
system-systemd\x2dcryptsetup.slice                                                  static          -
system-systemd\x2dveritysetup.slice                                                 static          -
system-xfs_scrub.slice                                                              disabled        disabled
user.slice                                                                          static          -
avahi-daemon.socket                                                                 enabled         enabled
cockpit-session.socket                                                              static          -
cockpit-wsinstance-http.socket                                                      static          -
cockpit-wsinstance-https-factory.socket                                             static          -
cockpit-wsinstance-https@.socket                                                    static          -
cockpit.socket                                                                      disabled        disabled
cups.socket                                                                         enabled         enabled
dbus.socket                                                                         enabled         enabled
dm-event.socket                                                                     enabled         enabled
httpd.socket                                                                        disabled        disabled
iscsid.socket                                                                       enabled         enabled
iscsiuio.socket                                                                     enabled         enabled
libvirtd-admin.socket                                                               disabled        disabled
libvirtd-ro.socket                                                                  disabled        disabled
libvirtd-tcp.socket                                                                 disabled        disabled
libvirtd-tls.socket                                                                 disabled        disabled
libvirtd.socket                                                                     disabled        disabled
lvm2-lvmpolld.socket                                                                enabled         enabled
netavark-dhcp-proxy.socket                                                          disabled        disabled
pcscd.socket                                                                        enabled         enabled
podman.socket                                                                       disabled        disabled
qemu-pr-helper.socket                                                               disabled        disabled
qemu-vmsr-helper.socket                                                             disabled        disabled
rpcbind.socket                                                                      disabled        disabled
spice-vdagentd.socket                                                               static          -
sshd-unix-local.socket                                                              generated       -
sshd.socket                                                                         disabled        disabled
sssd-autofs.socket                                                                  disabled        disabled
sssd-kcm.socket                                                                     enabled         enabled
sssd-nss.socket                                                                     disabled        disabled
sssd-pac.socket                                                                     disabled        disabled
sssd-pam.socket                                                                     disabled        disabled
sssd-ssh.socket                                                                     disabled        disabled
sssd-sudo.socket                                                                    disabled        disabled
syslog.socket                                                                       static          -
systemd-bootctl.socket                                                              static          -
systemd-coredump.socket                                                             static          -
systemd-creds.socket                                                                static          -
systemd-hostnamed.socket                                                            static          -
systemd-importd.socket                                                              static          -
systemd-initctl.socket                                                              static          -
systemd-journald-audit.socket                                                       enabled         enabled
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket                                                     static          -
systemd-journald-varlink@.socket                                                    static          -
systemd-journald.socket                                                             static          -
systemd-journald@.socket                                                            disabled        disabled
systemd-mountfsd.socket                                                             disabled        enabled
systemd-networkd.socket                                                             disabled        disabled
systemd-nsresourced.socket                                                          disabled        enabled
systemd-oomd.socket                                                                 disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrextend.socket                                                            disabled        disabled
systemd-pcrlock.socket                                                              disabled        disabled
systemd-rfkill.socket                                                               static          -
systemd-sysext.socket                                                               disabled        disabled
systemd-udevd-control.socket                                                        static          -
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                                                         static          -
systemd-userdbd.socket                                                              enabled         enabled
virtinterfaced-admin.socket                                                         enabled         enabled
virtinterfaced-ro.socket                                                            enabled         enabled
virtinterfaced.socket                                                               enabled         enabled
virtlockd-admin.socket                                                              enabled         enabled
virtlockd.socket                                                                    enabled         enabled
virtlogd-admin.socket                                                               enabled         enabled
virtlogd.socket                                                                     enabled         enabled
virtnetworkd-admin.socket                                                           enabled         enabled
virtnetworkd-ro.socket                                                              enabled         enabled
virtnetworkd.socket                                                                 enabled         enabled
virtnodedevd-admin.socket                                                           enabled         enabled
virtnodedevd-ro.socket                                                              enabled         enabled
virtnodedevd.socket                                                                 enabled         enabled
virtnwfilterd-admin.socket                                                          enabled         enabled
virtnwfilterd-ro.socket                                                             enabled         enabled
virtnwfilterd.socket                                                                enabled         enabled
virtproxyd-admin.socket                                                             enabled         enabled
virtproxyd-ro.socket                                                                enabled         enabled
virtproxyd-tcp.socket                                                               disabled        disabled
virtproxyd-tls.socket                                                               disabled        disabled
virtproxyd.socket                                                                   enabled         enabled
virtqemud-admin.socket                                                              enabled         enabled
virtqemud-ro.socket                                                                 enabled         enabled
virtqemud.socket                                                                    enabled         enabled
virtsecretd-admin.socket                                                            enabled         enabled
virtsecretd-ro.socket                                                               enabled         enabled
virtsecretd.socket                                                                  enabled         enabled
virtstoraged-admin.socket                                                           enabled         enabled
virtstoraged-ro.socket                                                              enabled         enabled
virtstoraged.socket                                                                 enabled         enabled
dev-zram0.swap                                                                      generated       -
anaconda.target                                                                     static          -
basic.target                                                                        static          -
blockdev@.target                                                                    static          -
bluetooth.target                                                                    static          -
boot-complete.target                                                                static          -
cryptsetup-pre.target                                                               static          -
cryptsetup.target                                                                   static          -
ctrl-alt-del.target                                                                 alias           -
default.target                                                                      alias           -
emergency.target                                                                    static          -
exit.target                                                                         disabled        disabled
factory-reset.target                                                                static          -
final.target                                                                        static          -
first-boot-complete.target                                                          static          -
getty-pre.target                                                                    static          -
getty.target                                                                        static          -
graphical.target                                                                    indirect        disabled
halt.target                                                                         disabled        disabled
hibernate.target                                                                    static          -
hybrid-sleep.target                                                                 static          -
initrd-fs.target                                                                    static          -
initrd-root-device.target                                                           static          -
initrd-root-fs.target                                                               static          -
initrd-switch-root.target                                                           static          -
initrd-usr-fs.target                                                                static          -
initrd.target                                                                       static          -
integritysetup-pre.target                                                           static          -
integritysetup.target                                                               static          -
kexec.target                                                                        disabled        disabled
local-fs-pre.target                                                                 static          -
local-fs.target                                                                     static          -
machines.target                                                                     disabled        enabled
multi-user.target                                                                   static          -
network-online.target                                                               static          -
network-pre.target                                                                  static          -
network.target                                                                      static          -
nfs-client.target                                                                   enabled         enabled
nss-lookup.target                                                                   static          -
nss-user-lookup.target                                                              static          -
nvmf-connect.target                                                                 static          -
paths.target                                                                        static          -
poweroff.target                                                                     disabled        disabled
printer.target                                                                      static          -
reboot.target                                                                       enabled         enabled
remote-cryptsetup.target                                                            enabled         enabled
remote-fs-pre.target                                                                static          -
remote-fs.target                                                                    enabled         enabled
remote-veritysetup.target                                                           disabled        disabled
rescue.target                                                                       static          -
rpc_pipefs.target                                                                   static          -
rpcbind.target                                                                      static          -
runlevel0.target                                                                    alias           -
runlevel1.target                                                                    alias           -
runlevel2.target                                                                    alias           -
runlevel3.target                                                                    alias           -
runlevel4.target                                                                    alias           -
runlevel5.target                                                                    alias           -
runlevel6.target                                                                    alias           -
selinux-autorelabel.target                                                          static          -
shutdown.target                                                                     static          -
sigpwr.target                                                                       static          -
sleep.target                                                                        static          -
slices.target                                                                       static          -
smartcard.target                                                                    static          -
sockets.target                                                                      static          -
soft-reboot.target                                                                  static          -
sound.target                                                                        static          -
ssh-access.target                                                                   static          -
sshd-keygen.target                                                                  static          -
storage-target-mode.target                                                          static          -
suspend-then-hibernate.target                                                       static          -
suspend.target                                                                      static          -
swap.target                                                                         static          -
sysinit.target                                                                      static          -
system-update-pre.target                                                            static          -
system-update.target                                                                static          -
time-set.target                                                                     static          -
time-sync.target                                                                    static          -
timers.target                                                                       static          -
tpm2.target                                                                         static          -
umount.target                                                                       static          -
usb-gadget.target                                                                   static          -
veritysetup-pre.target                                                              static          -
veritysetup.target                                                                  static          -
virt-guest-shutdown.target                                                          static          -
dnf-makecache.timer                                                                 enabled         enabled
dnf5-makecache.timer                                                                alias           -
fstrim.timer                                                                        enabled         enabled
fwupd-refresh.timer                                                                 disabled        disabled
logrotate.timer                                                                     enabled         enabled
mdadm-last-resort@.timer                                                            static          -
mdcheck_continue.timer                                                              disabled        disabled
mdcheck_start.timer                                                                 disabled        disabled
mdmonitor-oneshot.timer                                                             disabled        disabled
nextcloud-cron.timer                                                                disabled        disabled
plocate-updatedb.timer                                                              enabled         enabled
podman-auto-update.timer                                                            disabled        disabled
raid-check.timer                                                                    enabled         enabled
systemd-sysupdate-reboot.timer                                                      disabled        disabled
systemd-sysupdate.timer                                                             disabled        disabled
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer                                                        static          -
unbound-anchor.timer                                                                enabled         enabled
zfs-fuse-scrub.timer                                                                disabled        disabled

620 unit files listed.
